tweak defer language (#4451)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/about-cloud-develop-defer.md

[Defer](/reference/node-selection/defer) is a powerful feature that allows developers to only build and run and test models they've edited without having to first run and build all the models that come before them (upstream parents). This is powered by using a production manifest for comparison, and dbt will resolve the `{{ ref() }}` function with upstream production artifacts. 

> Both the dbt Cloud IDE and the dbt Cloud CLI allow users to natively defer to production metadata directly in their development workflows. By default, dbt follows these rules:

Author: ```suggestion
Both the dbt Cloud IDE and the dbt Cloud CLI allow users to natively defer to production metadata directly in their development workflows. 

By default, dbt follows these rules:
```

[Defer](/reference/node-selection/defer) is a powerful feature that allows developers to only build and run and test models they've edited without having to first run and build all the models that come before them (upstream parents). This is powered by using a production manifest for comparison, and dbt will resolve the `{{ ref() }}` function with upstream production artifacts. 

Both the dbt Cloud IDE and the dbt Cloud CLI allow users to natively defer to production metadata directly in their development workflows. By default, dbt follows these rules:

- dbt uses the production locations of parent models to resolve `{{ ref() }}` functions, based on metadata from the production environment.

> - If a development version of a deferred model exists, dbt preferentially uses that table when resolving the reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a development version of a deferred model exists, dbt preferentially uses that database location when resolving the reference.
```

- Passing the [`--favor-state`](/reference/node-selection/defer#favor-state) flag will override this behavior and _always_ resolve refs using the production metadata, regardless of the presence of a development relation.

>   - If facing issues with outdated tables in the development schema, `--favor-state` is an alternative to defer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> [Defer](/reference/node-selection/defer) is a powerful feature that allows developers to only build and run and test models they've edited without having to first run and build all the models that come before them (upstream parents). This is powered by using a production manifest for comparison, and dbt will resolve the `{{ ref() }}` function with upstream production artifacts. 

Reviewer 2: I know this wasn't part of your change but I couldn't help myself. Making sentence active.
```suggestion
[Defer](/reference/node-selection/defer) is a powerful feature that allows developers to only build and run and test models they've edited without having to first run and build all the models that come before them (upstream parents). dbt powers this by using a production manifest for comparison, and resolves the `{{ ref() }}` function with upstream production artifacts. 
```

Author: brilliant, thank you!

> Both the dbt Cloud IDE and the dbt Cloud CLI allow users to natively defer to production metadata directly in their development workflows. 

Reviewer 2: Small nit to make it sound less of an authoritative and more helpful:
```suggestion
Both the dbt Cloud IDE and the dbt Cloud CLI enable users to natively defer to production metadata directly in their development workflows. 
```

By default, dbt follows these rules:

- dbt uses the production locations of parent models to resolve `{{ ref() }}` functions, based on metadata from the production environment.

> - If a development version of a deferred model exists, dbt preferentially uses that database location when resolving the reference.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If a development version of a deferred model exists, dbt preferentially uses the development database location when resolving the reference.
```

> - Passing the [`--favor-state`](/reference/node-selection/defer#favor-state) flag will override this behavior and _always_ resolve refs using the production metadata, regardless of the presence of a development relation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Passing the [`--favor-state`](/reference/node-selection/defer#favor-state) flag overrides the default behavior and _always_ resolve refs using production metadata, regardless of the presence of a development relation.
```
